Add info about the "r" attribute when set in percentage (#32057)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/svg/attribute/r/index.md

- {{SVGElement("circle")}}
- {{SVGElement("radialGradient")}}

> When the value is set in percentage, it refers to the normalized diagonal of the current SVG viewport.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the value is set as a percentage, it refers to the normalized diagonal of the current SVG viewport.
```
